docs: actual auth (#417)
mintlify/docs: settings/authentication-personalization/shared-features.mdx

---
title: 'Shared Features'
description: 'A list of features offered by both Authentication and Personalization'
---

Personalization refers to a suite of features that allow you to customize your
documentation experience based on some information about the user. Authentication
can be thought of as Personalization + privacy.

> This page will explain the different features of Personalization, all of which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These docs will explain the different features of Personalization, all of which
```
